this is a 2005 Honda Insight
first-generation it makes a great tow
vehicle part of this I told my race car
with an older Chevy Suburban an average
14 miles per gallon now with this Honda
I am averaging almost 50 miles per
gallon I use it exclusively to tow the
race car to local events the trailer
weighs 2,000 pounds and the race car
weighs 90 no pounds for total weight of
just under 4,000 pounds the tongue
weight is 425 pounds I use spring
spacers in the rear of the insight
decree increase the spring rate so the
car would ride level when towing the
Honda way is 1825 pounds and is an
excellent very strong subframe all
aluminum structure it has a 999 CC Honda
VTEC motor making 70 horsepower and a 13
horsepower electric motor tires on the
inside are 160 565 15 Potenza re 92 low
drag tires one negative to towing a
4,000 pound rig was such a light car is
stopping my solution is four wheel
electric brakes on the trailer and
modified the brake controller using a
step-up transformer to give a maximum of
24 volts instead of 12 I'm using a
rheostat type joystick to modulate up to
24 volts to the trailers four wheels you
can easily lock up all four wheels if
you need to make a panic stop a friend
of mine who lives in Michigan told me
about a insight he has seen around town
pulling a full-size front end loader
backhoe this is where I got the idea to
try this project is worked out great no
breakdowns and averaging nearly 50 miles
per gallon also put in a oil cooler on
the engine to keep the oil temps down
this 999 CC motor has amazing torque and
a 6,000 rpm redline i towed 65 to 75
miles per hour top speed of car without
trailer is 115 miles per hour
almost every time I go to a race I get
pulled over by state troopers just to
take a look at this small car pulling
this rig one of them said he followed me
for about ten miles and clocked me at 77
miles per hour
he didn't write me a ticket just looked
at the rig in amazement the Honda has a
CVT transmission were to an automatic
transmission like they have on ATVs and
so far no problems with it there were
13,000 these cars imported between 2000
and 2006 and estimates are that there
are less than 5,000 left if you have to
buy a battery for the car or two lithium
battery from the deal or they cost up to
$3,800 so if you get one of these cars
make sure the battery is in good
condition if you have any comments pro
or con that would be greatly appreciated
thanks